Dearest,

This is a Bequest notice.

I am sure this mail would be coming to you as a surprise since we have never met before and you would also be asking why I have decided to
chose you amongst the numerous internet users in the world, precisely I cannot say why I have chosen you but do not be worried for I saw your
profile on the Internet, which has made me accomplish my request. May the almighty God bless and see you through with this mission if you can
carefully read and digest the message below.

Before I move further, permit me to give you a little of my biography, I am Mother Emilly Olivier Jackman, 67 Years old woman and the wife of
Late Sir Jackman Olivier who died alongside our only child in a Plane crash on Monday the 7th of September 1998 GMT 14:22 UK while they were
flying from New York to Geneva. Please see site below for more information. http://www.cnn.com/WORLD/9809/swissair.victims.list/index.html

After the death of my husband and son ,I became the Head of his investment and just recently, the doctors handling my health issues at
Cancer center: Christie Hospital NHS Trust UK, have said I may not live beyond the next two months after my next surgery,but before the death of
my husband we had a plan to use the last days of our lives to donate half of what we have worked for to the less privilege and charity homes
and the other half for ourselves, family members and close friends, and it is so unfortunate that my husband is not alive today to do this with
me and I am very weak with cancer and coupled with the recent announcement from the doctor, hence I have decided to do this
philanthropic work on behalf of my late husband and I.

Presently, I have willed out almost half of our assets to several charity homes and to some of the less privilege in different countries.
Despite the agreement between my late husband and I to give aid to the deprived, we also agreed to render support to an individual we have not
met before in life due to the fact when we were still young in life we received an anonymous help from an individual we did
not know and which we have not been able to know till date, the impact we got from such gesture made us to do same.

I am sorry to inform you that you will never have the chance to know me because I have just concluded the assignment which my husband and I have
agreed upon before his sudden death and you happened to be the beneficiary of our last WILL, irrespective of your previous financial
status, hence I need you to do me a favor by accepting our offer.

I have presently instructed my attorney to assist any person I will introduce to him as the beneficiary to the last will in the sum of Ten
Million  United State Dollars (10,000,000.00) with my bank. I decided to do this now and unconditionally knowing that my days are numbered.

To conclude with this bequest, please provide me with your Data to fully advise my attorney that you are the appointed beneficiary of the deposit.


Full Names:
Physical address;
Direct telephone number
Occupation

Note: Please I do not want you to thank me, same gesture was shown to
us, all I need you to do is, When you get this fund, use %50 for your
self and the rest to assist the less privileged in your community,
this is the only way to immortalize us when I am gone.

Yours Faithfully
Mrs.Emilly Olivier Jackman
Cancer Centre: Christie Hospital NHS Trust
(Manchester, UK) North West of England
