My name is Warren E. Buffett an American business magnate, investor and philanthropist.

I am the most successful investor in the world. I believe strongly in giving while living.
I had one idea that never changed in my mind, that you should use your wealth to help people and i have decided to give {$2,500,000.00} Two Million Five Hundred
Thousand United Dollars, to randomly selected individuals worldwide, On receipt of this email you
should count yourself as the lucky individual.

Your email address was chosen online while searching at random. Kindly get back to me at your earliest convenience before i travel to UK for my treatment, so I know your email address is valid.
(warrenbuffett819@gmail.com)

Thank you for accepting our offer, we are indeed grateful You Can Google my name for more information: 
Warren Buffet OR You visit my website
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warren_Buffett

 God bless you.
 Best Regard
 Mr.Warren E. Buffett Billionaire investor



 -

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE's,
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION (FBI)
935 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE NW WASHINGTON, D.C. 20535-0001
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.


FOIPA Request Number: 1386463-000.

Subject: RESPONSE FOR COVID-19 IMPACTS ON THE UNITED STATES AND GLOBAL ECONOMY.

Dear Sir or Ma,

This responds to the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request. The material requested is located in an investigative file which is exempt from disclosure pursuant to 5U.S.C. 5552(b) (7IA). 5U.S.C. 5 552(b) (7)\A) exempts from disclosure.

WASHINGTON, D.C. — As COVID-19 impact reaches more than 60 countries, the World Bank Group (“GRANTOR”), HSBC Bank USA N.A., (“PAYEE”) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”) had recently made available some initial Fixed Deposits of $100 million each to fifty (50) grantees, for immediate aid to individuals whose countries are trying to cope with health and economic impact from the global outbreak of coronavirus.

Funding was designed to help the world at large, to assist third world countries to take effective actions responding to where possible, and lessen the tragic impacts posed by Coronavirus, COVID-19, protecting the poor and vulnerable, save jobs and businesses, and working to build a more resilient recovery.

The World Bank Group is successfully providing large net positive flows to world’s poorest persons and countries and they are making rapid progress in directing up to a total sum of $160 billion to individuals, entities and countries. These helpful priorities are outlined in our operational approach to the COVID-19 crisis, entitled Saving Lives, Scaling-up Impact and Getting Back on Track.

The World Bank Group has deployed to HSBC Bank USA, N.A., up to $160 billion for payments among (50) eligible individuals and (10) Nations, over 15 months through July 2022 in funding tailored to health, economic, & social shocks many countries are facing as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Through the fast track package, World Bank Group has been helpful to developing countries and individuals to strengthen health systems, including better access to health services, safeguard people from the epidemic, strengthen disease surveillance, public health interventions, and are working with private sectors to reduce the impact on economies.

With this financing packages drawn from across IDA, IBRD and IFC, are globally coordinated to support individuals and country-based responses. The COVID-19 support package will make available initial crisis resources of up to $12 billion in financing — $8 billion of which is new — on a fast-track basis.

This comprises up to $2.7 billion new financing from IBRD; $1.3 billion from IDA, complemented by reprioritization of $2 billion of the Bank’s existing portfolio; and $6 billion from IFC, including $2 billion from existing trade facilities. We are providing a fast, flexible response based on developing country’s needs in dealing with the spread of COVID-19,” said World Bank Group President David Malpass. “

This includes emergency financing, policy advice, and technical assistance, building on the World Bank Group's existing instruments and expertise to help countries respond to the crisis." The financial package will provide helpful financial grants for low-income countries for middle income countries, using all of our operational instruments with processing accelerated on a fast-track basis.

The International Finance Corporation — World Bank Group private sector aim will provide global necessary support to continue operating and also sustain their economy, a range of interventions to strengthen health services and primary health care, bolster disease monitoring and reporting, train frontline health workers, encourage community engagement to maintain public trust, and improve access to treatment for the poorest patients.

HSBC Bank USA, N.A., is also directly supporting corporate grantees — with a focus on strategic sectors including medical equipment and pharmaceuticals to sustain supply chains and limit downside risks. These solutions will leverage the lessons learned from similar events in the past with a goal to minimize the negative economic and social impacts of COVID-19 globally.

The Grants support will prioritize the poorest countries and those at high risk with low capacity. As the spread of COVID-19 and its impact continues to evolve, we are adapting necessary approaches and resources as needed. We are actively engaged with international institutions and authorities to help coordinate global response.

Kindly keep your Grant Reference safe and secure; (‘WBG-FBI-HSBC-0212G’).

PROVIDE BELOW DETAILS TO CLARIFY YOUR ELIGIBILITY TO RECEIVE YOUR OWN ($100,000,000.00) GRANT FUND - WORLD BANK GROUP AID RESPONSE FOR COVID-19 IMPACT ON GLOBAL ECONOMY;

(1.) ID CARD.
(2.) TELEPHONE NUMBER(S).
(3.) RESIDENTIAL ADDRESS(S).

The FBI remains committed to investigating and gathering evidence and intelligence to attribute, pursue, and disrupt the responsible threat actors.

Through our global footprint in over 64 countries and territories, HSBC can support your financial needs around the world.  Our products and services are tailored for internationally-minded customers like you.  Whether you’re planning to move overseas or invest in the U.S., we’re here to help.

Thanks for your perfect understanding! We look forward to hearing from you.

Faithfully,
Mr. Mark Reuben,
FBI Special Agent in Charge,
Washington Field Office.

FBI HEADQUARTERS:
Washington Field Office
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION (FBI)
935 Pennsylvania Avenue NW Washington, D.C. 20535 USA.
fbiteam@stayhome.li & fbi-updates@ex.ua
1.202.FBI.5008
www.fbi.gov

NOTE: This Field Office Cover the District of Columbia, several counties in Northern Virginia and worldwide. At this time, we do not have a national e-mail address for public questions or comments. Some of our local FBI offices, however, do have their own e-mail addresses.

REPORT CRIMES HERE:
- Report COVID-19 Fraud, if you are a victim of a scam or attempted fraud involving COVID-19.
- Report suspicious activities and crimes by contacting FBI office 24-7.
- Report it to FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center at; ic3.gov
- Contact the FBI field office or submit a tip online at; tips.fbi.gov
- Contact the Center for Disaster Fraud hotline at; (866) 720-5721 or online;


——
This communication and any attachments are confidentially protected by Federal Communications Privacy Act 18 USCS § 2510, solely for the use of the intended recipient only, and may contain legally privileged material. If you are not the intended recipient, please return and destroy it immediately.
