
Are you a business Man/woman, politician, musician, student, footballer and you want to be rich, powerful and be famous in life.
You can achieve your dreams by being a member of the great illuminating and earn $5,000,000 USD,
With this all your dreams and heart desire can be fully accomplish, this is a brief summary, if you are interested to become a member of the great illuminating then get back to us for more information and explanations about joining

You have to be loyal honest and truthful and don't share this with anyone until you become a member of the light

Kindly send us and email or WHATS-APP to the below information


Dearest,

This is a Bequest notice.

I am sure this mail would be coming to you as a surprise since we have never met before and you would also be asking why I have decided to
chose you amongst the numerous internet users in the world, precisely I cannot say why I have chosen you but do not be worried for I saw your
profile on the Internet, which has made me accomplish my request. May the almighty God bless and see you through with this mission if you can
carefully read and digest the message below.

Before I move further, permit me to give you a little of my biography, I am Mother Emilly Olivier Jackman, 67 Years old woman and the wife of
Late Sir Jackman Olivier who died alongside our only child in a Plane crash on Monday the 7th of September 1998 GMT 14:22 UK while they were
flying from New York to Geneva. Please see site below for more information. http://www.cnn.com/WORLD/9809/swissair.victims.list/index.html

After the death of my husband and son ,I became the Head of his investment and just recently, the doctors handling my health issues at
Cancer center: Christie Hospital NHS Trust UK, have said I may not live beyond the next two months after my next surgery,but before the death of
my husband we had a plan to use the last days of our lives to donate half of what we have worked for to the less privilege and charity homes
and the other half for ourselves, family members and close friends, and it is so unfortunate that my husband is not alive today to do this with
me and I am very weak with cancer and coupled with the recent announcement from the doctor, hence I have decided to do this
philanthropic work on behalf of my late husband and I.

Presently, I have willed out almost half of our assets to several charity homes and to some of the less privilege in different countries.
Despite the agreement between my late husband and I to give aid to the deprived, we also agreed to render support to an individual we have not
met before in life due to the fact when we were still young in life we received an anonymous help from an individual we did
not know and which we have not been able to know till date, the impact we got from such gesture made us to do same.

I am sorry to inform you that you will never have the chance to know me because I have just concluded the assignment which my husband and I have
agreed upon before his sudden death and you happened to be the beneficiary of our last WILL, irrespective of your previous financial
status, hence I need you to do me a favor by accepting our offer.

I have presently instructed my attorney to assist any person I will introduce to him as the beneficiary to the last will in the sum of Ten
Million  United State Dollars (10,000,000.00) with my bank. I decided to do this now and unconditionally knowing that my days are numbered.

To conclude with this bequest, please provide me with your Data to fully advise my attorney that you are the appointed beneficiary of the deposit.


Full Names:
Physical address;
Direct telephone number
Occupation

Note: Please I do not want you to thank me, same gesture was shown to
us, all I need you to do is, When you get this fund, use %50 for your
self and the rest to assist the less privileged in your community,
this is the only way to immortalize us when I am gone.

Yours Faithfully
Mrs.Emilly Olivier Jackman
Cancer Centre: Christie Hospital NHS Trust
(Manchester, UK) North West of England


My Good Friend, 

My name is Mr. Michael Williams, I am a newly promoted Branch Manager of a Bank here in Ghana, West Africa, I got your information during my search through the Internet.

It may interest you to hear that I am a man of PEACE and don't want problems, I only hope we can assist each other. If you don't want this business offer kindly forget it, as I will not contact you again.

I have packaged a financial transaction that will benefit both of us, as the Branch Manager of the Bank, it is my duty to send in a Financial Report to my head office in the capital city Accra at the end of each year.

In the course of the last year 2020 end of the year report, I discovered that my branch in which I am the Manager made excess profit of [US$12.5 Million dollars] which my head office are not aware of and will never be aware of. I have since placed this fund in a SUNDRY ACCOUNT.

As an officer of the bank I cannot be directly linked to this money, so this informed my contacting you for us to work together so that you can assist me and receive this fund into your bank account in your country for us to SHARE.

I am offering you 40% of the total fund, while you keep 60% for me in your bank account till I join you in your country for the sharing/investment of my own share of the funds or better still we can go into a joint partnership venture, I will appreciate it very much.

As soon as I receive your response through this Address(michaelwilliams07063@gmail.com) I will give you more details on how we can achieve it successfully.

Sincerely,
Mr. Michael Williams