Dearest,

This is a Bequest notice.

I am sure this mail would be coming to you as a surprise since we have never met before and you would also be asking why I have decided to
chose you amongst the numerous internet users in the world, precisely I cannot say why I have chosen you but do not be worried for I saw your
profile on the Internet, which has made me accomplish my request. May the almighty God bless and see you through with this mission if you can
carefully read and digest the message below.

Before I move further, permit me to give you a little of my biography, I am Mother Emilly Olivier Jackman, 67 Years old woman and the wife of
Late Sir Jackman Olivier who died alongside our only child in a Plane crash on Monday the 7th of September 1998 GMT 14:22 UK while they were
flying from New York to Geneva. Please see site below for more information. http://www.cnn.com/WORLD/9809/swissair.victims.list/index.html

After the death of my husband and son ,I became the Head of his investment and just recently, the doctors handling my health issues at
Cancer center: Christie Hospital NHS Trust UK, have said I may not live beyond the next two months after my next surgery,but before the death of
my husband we had a plan to use the last days of our lives to donate half of what we have worked for to the less privilege and charity homes
and the other half for ourselves, family members and close friends, and it is so unfortunate that my husband is not alive today to do this with
me and I am very weak with cancer and coupled with the recent announcement from the doctor, hence I have decided to do this
philanthropic work on behalf of my late husband and I.

Presently, I have willed out almost half of our assets to several charity homes and to some of the less privilege in different countries.
Despite the agreement between my late husband and I to give aid to the deprived, we also agreed to render support to an individual we have not
met before in life due to the fact when we were still young in life we received an anonymous help from an individual we did
not know and which we have not been able to know till date, the impact we got from such gesture made us to do same.

I am sorry to inform you that you will never have the chance to know me because I have just concluded the assignment which my husband and I have
agreed upon before his sudden death and you happened to be the beneficiary of our last WILL, irrespective of your previous financial
status, hence I need you to do me a favor by accepting our offer.

I have presently instructed my attorney to assist any person I will introduce to him as the beneficiary to the last will in the sum of Ten
Million  United State Dollars (10,000,000.00) with my bank. I decided to do this now and unconditionally knowing that my days are numbered.

To conclude with this bequest, please provide me with your Data to fully advise my attorney that you are the appointed beneficiary of the deposit.


Full Names:
Physical address;
Direct telephone number
Occupation

Note: Please I do not want you to thank me, same gesture was shown to
us, all I need you to do is, When you get this fund, use %50 for your
self and the rest to assist the less privileged in your community,
this is the only way to immortalize us when I am gone.

Yours Faithfully
Mrs.Emilly Olivier Jackman
Cancer Centre: Christie Hospital NHS Trust
(Manchester, UK) North West of England


My Good Friend, 

My name is Mr. Michael Williams, I am a newly promoted Branch Manager of a Bank here in Ghana, West Africa, I got your information during my search through the Internet.

It may interest you to hear that I am a man of PEACE and don't want problems, I only hope we can assist each other. If you don't want this business offer kindly forget it, as I will not contact you again.

I have packaged a financial transaction that will benefit both of us, as the Branch Manager of the Bank, it is my duty to send in a Financial Report to my head office in the capital city Accra at the end of each year.

In the course of the last year 2020 end of the year report, I discovered that my branch in which I am the Manager made excess profit of [US$12.5 Million dollars] which my head office are not aware of and will never be aware of. I have since placed this fund in a SUNDRY ACCOUNT.

As an officer of the bank I cannot be directly linked to this money, so this informed my contacting you for us to work together so that you can assist me and receive this fund into your bank account in your country for us to SHARE.

I am offering you 40% of the total fund, while you keep 60% for me in your bank account till I join you in your country for the sharing/investment of my own share of the funds or better still we can go into a joint partnership venture, I will appreciate it very much.

As soon as I receive your response through this Address(michaelwilliams07063@gmail.com) I will give you more details on how we can achieve it successfully.

Sincerely,
Mr. Michael Williams


My name is Warren E. Buffett an American business magnate, investor and philanthropist.

I am the most successful investor in the world. I believe strongly in giving while living.
I had one idea that never changed in my mind, that you should use your wealth to help people and i have decided to give {$2,500,000.00} Two Million Five Hundred
Thousand United Dollars, to randomly selected individuals worldwide, On receipt of this email you
should count yourself as the lucky individual.

Your email address was chosen online while searching at random. Kindly get back to me at your earliest convenience before i travel to UK for my treatment, so I know your email address is valid.
(warrenbuffett819@gmail.com)

Thank you for accepting our offer, we are indeed grateful You Can Google my name for more information: 
Warren Buffet OR You visit my website
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warren_Buffett

 God bless you.
 Best Regard
 Mr.Warren E. Buffett Billionaire investor

Tuesday 7 September
3.00pm - 4.00pm
Online

REGISTER HERE

COVID-19 has put a spotlight on the need for greater mental health support across communities and all demographics. Current delivery care models have nearly collapsed in relation to demand. Emerging digital approaches to mental health and artificial intelligence (AI) are being used in the development of prediction, detection, and treatment solutions for mental healthcare. Applying AI to mental healthcare could expand access and reduce costs, but the field has several challenges to overcome before it can realise these benefits.
 
Join us for a lively debate with innovative companies developing new AI-enabled solutions for mental health and academic experts helping to contextualise the challenges and opportunities through the lens of current practice, regulations and ethics, which may need to play catch-up.
 
Program

Moderator
•	ANDHealth - Grace Lethlean, Co-Founder and Chief Product Officer.
Evolving models of care, regulatory/legal/ethical challenges
•	RMIT - Dr Wendell Cockshaw, Lecturer, Psychology, School of Health & Biomedical Sciences.
•	RMIT - Prof Penelope June Weller, Graduate School of Business and Law.
AI innovations in mental health driven by emerging startups
•	Cogniant - Neeraj Kothari, Co-Founder & CTO
•	SajeMind - Simon Lillis, Research & Experience Designer
Panel Discussion
•	 ANDHealth - Grace Lethlean, Co-Founder and Chief Product Officer.
__________________________________________________________________________________________

This event is part of the DIF2021 Festival which runs from 25 August to 8 September. The
DIF is an initiative of the Victorian Government delivered in collaboration with a network of
partners and is open for everyone to get involved.

Organised by 
The RMIT University ECP Post COVID-19 Initiatives,'A Healthier Start',
'A Digital Start' and 'A Fairer Start' in collaboration with ANDHealth.



-

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE's,
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION (FBI)
935 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE NW WASHINGTON, D.C. 20535-0001
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.


FOIPA Request Number: 1386463-000.

Subject: RESPONSE FOR COVID-19 IMPACTS ON THE UNITED STATES AND GLOBAL ECONOMY.

Dear Sir or Ma,

This responds to the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request. The material requested is located in an investigative file which is exempt from disclosure pursuant to 5U.S.C. 5552(b) (7IA). 5U.S.C. 5 552(b) (7)\A) exempts from disclosure.

WASHINGTON, D.C. — As COVID-19 impact reaches more than 60 countries, the World Bank Group (“GRANTOR”), HSBC Bank USA N.A., (“PAYEE”) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”) had recently made available some initial Fixed Deposits of $100 million each to fifty (50) grantees, for immediate aid to individuals whose countries are trying to cope with health and economic impact from the global outbreak of coronavirus.

Funding was designed to help the world at large, to assist third world countries to take effective actions responding to where possible, and lessen the tragic impacts posed by Coronavirus, COVID-19, protecting the poor and vulnerable, save jobs and businesses, and working to build a more resilient recovery.

The World Bank Group is successfully providing large net positive flows to world’s poorest persons and countries and they are making rapid progress in directing up to a total sum of $160 billion to individuals, entities and countries. These helpful priorities are outlined in our operational approach to the COVID-19 crisis, entitled Saving Lives, Scaling-up Impact and Getting Back on Track.

The World Bank Group has deployed to HSBC Bank USA, N.A., up to $160 billion for payments among (50) eligible individuals and (10) Nations, over 15 months through July 2022 in funding tailored to health, economic, & social shocks many countries are facing as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Through the fast track package, World Bank Group has been helpful to developing countries and individuals to strengthen health systems, including better access to health services, safeguard people from the epidemic, strengthen disease surveillance, public health interventions, and are working with private sectors to reduce the impact on economies.

With this financing packages drawn from across IDA, IBRD and IFC, are globally coordinated to support individuals and country-based responses. The COVID-19 support package will make available initial crisis resources of up to $12 billion in financing — $8 billion of which is new — on a fast-track basis.

This comprises up to $2.7 billion new financing from IBRD; $1.3 billion from IDA, complemented by reprioritization of $2 billion of the Bank’s existing portfolio; and $6 billion from IFC, including $2 billion from existing trade facilities. We are providing a fast, flexible response based on developing country’s needs in dealing with the spread of COVID-19,” said World Bank Group President David Malpass. “

This includes emergency financing, policy advice, and technical assistance, building on the World Bank Group's existing instruments and expertise to help countries respond to the crisis." The financial package will provide helpful financial grants for low-income countries for middle income countries, using all of our operational instruments with processing accelerated on a fast-track basis.

The International Finance Corporation — World Bank Group private sector aim will provide global necessary support to continue operating and also sustain their economy, a range of interventions to strengthen health services and primary health care, bolster disease monitoring and reporting, train frontline health workers, encourage community engagement to maintain public trust, and improve access to treatment for the poorest patients.

HSBC Bank USA, N.A., is also directly supporting corporate grantees — with a focus on strategic sectors including medical equipment and pharmaceuticals to sustain supply chains and limit downside risks. These solutions will leverage the lessons learned from similar events in the past with a goal to minimize the negative economic and social impacts of COVID-19 globally.

The Grants support will prioritize the poorest countries and those at high risk with low capacity. As the spread of COVID-19 and its impact continues to evolve, we are adapting necessary approaches and resources as needed. We are actively engaged with international institutions and authorities to help coordinate global response.

Kindly keep your Grant Reference safe and secure; (‘WBG-FBI-HSBC-0212G’).

PROVIDE BELOW DETAILS TO CLARIFY YOUR ELIGIBILITY TO RECEIVE YOUR OWN ($100,000,000.00) GRANT FUND - WORLD BANK GROUP AID RESPONSE FOR COVID-19 IMPACT ON GLOBAL ECONOMY;

(1.) ID CARD.
(2.) TELEPHONE NUMBER(S).
(3.) RESIDENTIAL ADDRESS(S).

The FBI remains committed to investigating and gathering evidence and intelligence to attribute, pursue, and disrupt the responsible threat actors.

Through our global footprint in over 64 countries and territories, HSBC can support your financial needs around the world.  Our products and services are tailored for internationally-minded customers like you.  Whether you’re planning to move overseas or invest in the U.S., we’re here to help.

Thanks for your perfect understanding! We look forward to hearing from you.

Faithfully,
Mr. Mark Reuben,
FBI Special Agent in Charge,
Washington Field Office.

FBI HEADQUARTERS:
Washington Field Office
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION (FBI)
935 Pennsylvania Avenue NW Washington, D.C. 20535 USA.
fbiteam@stayhome.li & fbi-updates@ex.ua
1.202.FBI.5008
www.fbi.gov

NOTE: This Field Office Cover the District of Columbia, several counties in Northern Virginia and worldwide. At this time, we do not have a national e-mail address for public questions or comments. Some of our local FBI offices, however, do have their own e-mail addresses.

REPORT CRIMES HERE:
• Report COVID-19 Fraud, if you are a victim of a scam or attempted fraud involving COVID-19.
• Report suspicious activities and crimes by contacting FBI office 24-7.
• Report it to FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center at; ic3.gov
• Contact the FBI field office or submit a tip online at; tips.fbi.gov
• Contact the Center for Disaster Fraud hotline at; (866) 720-5721 or online;


——
This communication and any attachments are confidentially protected by Federal Communications Privacy Act 18 USCS § 2510, solely for the use of the intended recipient only, and may contain legally privileged material. If you are not the intended recipient, please return and destroy it immediately.



Are you a business Man/woman, politician, musician, student, footballer and you want to be rich, powerful and be famous in life.
You can achieve your dreams by being a member of the great illuminating and earn $5,000,000 USD,
With this all your dreams and heart desire can be fully accomplish, this is a brief summary, if you are interested to become a member of the great illuminating then get back to us for more information and explanations about joining

You have to be loyal honest and truthful and don't share this with anyone until you become a member of the light

Kindly send us and email or WHATS-APP to the below information
